hi this is a video on house to a hard
reset on a HTC ChaCha or ChaCha
whatever you want to call it and you can
use this operation if you've forgotten
your passcode we pan lock or if you've
got software issues with the phone and
doing this all that out and doing this
will wipe the phone of all data and so
please be aware of that and what you
want to do is make sure that the phone
is off sorry about that
make sure that the phone is off and
remove your memory card and SIM card let
me just pull the battery out make sure
like so right so what we're going to
want to do is we're going to hold down
the power button at the top and the
volume down button at the same time till
we get a little menu come up like that
right you can see that also you've got a
little menu there can't we have some
options go fast boot recovery factory
reset sim lock and one at the bottom so
you can use the volume buttons to scroll
down to factory reset and press the
power button to select it and what
happened now is that the phone will
reset matrix factory state as you can
see it's doing it now just watching the
file
once it's done the phone will start to
power up
right there we go phone is now rebooted
that issue will be back to its factory
state how you bought the phone so there
we go that's how to hard reset this
phone and thank you for watching the
video please like and please subscribe